tispark: update document for TiSpark v2 (#822)
pingcap/docs: tispark/tispark-user-guide.md

SPARK_WORKER_CORES = 8
```

In the spark-defaults.conf, you should add following lines:
```
spark.tispark.pd.addresses $your_pd_servers
spark.sql.extensions org.apache.spark.sql.TiExtensions
```
`your_pd_servers` should be comma-separated pd addresses, each in the format of `$your_pd_address:$port`

For example, `10.16.20.1:2379,10.16.20.2:2379,10.16.20.3:2379` when you have multiple PD servers on 10.16.20.1,10.16.20.2,10.16.20.3 with port 2379.

### Configuration of hybrid deployment of TiKV and TiSpark

For the hybrid deployment of TiKV and TiSpark, add TiSpark required resources to the TiKV reserved resources, and allocate 25% of the memory for the system.

## Deploy the TiSpark cluster

Download TiSpark's jar package [here](http://download.pingcap.org/tispark-latest-linux-amd64.tar.gz), decompress the tar and copy content to folder you see fit.

### Deploy TiSpark on the existing Spark cluster

Running TiSpark on an existing Spark cluster does not require a reboot of the cluster. You can use Spark's `--jars` parameter to introduce TiSpark as a dependency:

> ```sh

Author: 不再推荐这样部署。带来的麻烦太多。

SPARK_WORKER_CORES = 8
```

In the spark-defaults.conf, you should add following lines:

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```sh
```

Reviewer: Please add an appropriate code fencing here.

spark.tispark.pd.addresses $your_pd_servers
spark.sql.extensions org.apache.spark.sql.TiExtensions
```
`your_pd_servers` should be comma-separated pd addresses, each in the format of `$your_pd_address:$port`

For example, `10.16.20.1:2379,10.16.20.2:2379,10.16.20.3:2379` when you have multiple PD servers on 10.16.20.1,10.16.20.2,10.16.20.3 with port 2379.

### Configuration of hybrid deployment of TiKV and TiSpark

For the hybrid deployment of TiKV and TiSpark, add TiSpark required resources to the TiKV reserved resources, and allocate 25% of the memory for the system.

## Deploy the TiSpark cluster

> Download TiSpark's jar package [here](http://download.pingcap.org/tispark-latest-linux-amd64.tar.gz), decompress the tar and copy content to folder you see fit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download TiSpark's jar package [here](http://download.pingcap.org/tispark-latest-linux-amd64.tar.gz), decompress it, and copy the content to the appropriate folder.
```

#### Spark SQL shell and JDBC server

> Now that TiSpark supports Spark 2.3, you can use Spark's ThriftServer and SparkSQL directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiSpark supports Spark 2.3, so you can use Spark's ThriftServer and SparkSQL directly.
```

> TiSpark on PySpark is a Python package build to support the Python language with TiSpark. Refer to [this document](https://github.com/pingcap/tispark/blob/master/python/README.md) for usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 TiSpark on PySpark is a Python package built to support the Python language with TiSpark. Refer to [this document](https://github.com/pingcap/tispark/blob/master/python/README.md) for usage.
```

## Use TiSpark together with Hive

> TiSpark should be ok to use together with Hive. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use TiSpark together with Hive. 
```

Reviewer: The "should be ok" is not clear. It seems that it might be ok and might be not ok.

> You need to set environment variable HADOOP_CONF_DIR to your Hadoop's configuration folder and copy hive-site.xml to spark/conf folder before starting Spark.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before starting Spark, you need to set the `HADOOP_CONF_DIR` environment variable to your Hadoop configuration folder and copy `hive-site.xml` to the `spark/conf` folder.
```

> ```

Reviewer: Please leave a blank before the code block.

val tisparkDF = spark.sql("select * from tispark_table").toDF
tisparkDF.write.saveAsTable("hive_table") // save table to hive
spark.sql("select * from hive_table a, tispark_table b where a.col1 = b.col1").show // join table across Hive and Tispark
```

## Load Spark Dataframe into TiDB using JDBC

> TiSpark does not provide a direct way to load data into yout TiDB cluster, but you can still load using jdbc like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiSpark does not provide a direct way of loading data into your TiDB cluster, but you can load data using JDBC like this:
```

> ```scala

Reviewer: Add a blank line before the code block, to avoid possible display error on the PingCAP website.

import org.apache.spark.sql.execution.datasources.jdbc.JDBCOptions

val customer = spark.sql("select * from customer limit 100000")

> // you might repartition source to make it balance across nodes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// You might repartition the source to make it balance across nodes
```

> // and increase concurrency

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// and increase the concurrency.
```

val df = customer.repartition(32)
df.write
.mode(saveMode = "append")
.format("jdbc")
.option("driver", "com.mysql.jdbc.Driver")

>  // replace host and port as your and be sure to use rewrite batch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 // Replace the host and port with that of your own and be sure to use the rewrite batch
```

.option("url", "jdbc:mysql://127.0.0.1:4000/test?rewriteBatchedStatements=true")
.option("useSSL", "false")
// As tested, 150 is good practice
.option(JDBCOptions.JDBC_BATCH_INSERT_SIZE, 150)
.option("dbtable", s"cust_test_select") // database name and table name here
.option("isolationLevel", "NONE") // recommended to set isolationLevel to NONE if you have a large DF to load.
.option("user", "root") // TiDB user here
.save()
``` 

> It is recommended to set `isolationLevel` to `NONE` to avoid large single transactions which may potentialy lead to TiDB OOM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended to set `isolationLevel` to `NONE` to avoid large single transactions which might potentially lead to TiDB OOM.
```

## Statistics information

> TiSpark could use TiDB's statistic information for 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiSpark uses TiDB statistic information for the following items:
```

1. Determining which index to ues in your query plan with the estimated lowest cost.
2. Small table broadcasting, which enables efficient broadcast join.

> If you would like TiSpark to use statistic information, first you need to make sure that concerning tables have already been analyzed. Read more about how to analyze tables [here](https://github.com/pingcap/docs/blob/master/sql/statistics.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like TiSpark to use statistic information, first you need to make sure that concerning tables have already been analyzed. Read more about how to analyze tables [here](../sql/statistics.md).
```

Reviewer: Use relative path for those files in the same repo, to make it friendly to official website users.

> Since TiSpark 2.0, statistics information will be default to auto load.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from TiSpark 2.0, statistics information is default to auto load.
```

> Note that table statistics will be cached in your spark driver node's memory, so you need to make sure that your memory should be enough for your statistics information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that table statistics are cached in the memory of your Spark driver node, so you need to make sure that your memory size is large enough for your statistics information.
```

> Currently you could adjust these configs in your `spark-defaults.conf` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, you can adjust these configurations in your `spark-defaults.conf` file.
```

> | Property Name | Default | Description

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Property name | Default | Description |
```

> | --------   | -----:   | :----: |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| :--------   | :-----  | :---- |
```

> | spark.tispark.statistics.auto_load | true | Whether to load statistics info automatically during database mapping. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| spark.tispark.statistics.auto_load | true | Whether to load statistics information automatically during database mapping. |
```
